Acc_neighbor_two_step_matrixShortRephrasedQn,,,,, :: Acc_neighbor_count_matrixShortRephrasedQn,,,,,
Q1,Q2,Q3,Q4,Q5,Q6 :: Q1,Q2,Q3,Q4,Q5,Q6
true,true,true,true,true,true :: true,true,true,true,true,true
true,true,true,true,true,true :: true,true,true,true,true,true
true,true,true,true,true,true :: true,true,true,true,true,true
true,true,true,true,true,true :: true,true,true,true,true,true
true,false,false,true,true,false :: true,true,true,true,true,true
true,true,true,true,true,true :: false,true,false,true,true,true
true,true,true,true,true,true :: true,true,true,true,true,true
true,true,true,true,true,true :: true,true,true,true,true,true
true,true,true,true,true,true :: true,true,true,true,true,true
true,false,false,true,true,false :: true,false,true,true,true,true
true,true,true,true,true,true :: true,true,true,true,true,true
true,true,true,true,true,true :: true,true,false,true,true,true
true,true,true,true,true,true :: true,true,true,true,true,true
true,false,true,false,false,false :: true,true,false,false,true,true
true,false,false,true,true,false :: true,true,true,true,true,true
true,true,true,true,true,true :: true,true,true,true,true,true
true,true,true,true,true,true :: true,true,true,true,true,true
true,true,true,true,true,true :: true,true,false,true,true,true
true,true,true,false,true,true :: true,true,true,true,true,true
true,false,false,true,false,false :: true,true,true,true,true,true
true,true,true,true,true,true :: true,true,true,true,true,true
true,true,true,true,true,true :: true,true,true,true,true,true
true,true,true,true,true,true :: true,true,true,true,true,true
true,false,true,true,false,false :: true,false,true,true,true,true
true,true,true,true,true,true :: true,true,true,true,true,true
true,false,false,true,true,false :: true,true,true,true,true,true
true,true,true,false,true,true :: true,true,true,true,true,true
true,true,true,false,true,true :: true,true,true,true,true,true
true,true,true,true,true,true :: true,true,true,true,true,true
true,true,true,true,true,true :: true,true,true,true,true,true
true,true,true,true,true,true :: true,true,true,true,true,true
true,true,true,true,true,true :: true,true,true,true,true,true
true,true,true,true,true,true :: true,true,true,true,true,true
true,true,true,true,true,true :: true,true,false,true,true,true
true,true,true,true,true,true :: true,true,true,true,true,true
true,true,true,true,true,true :: true,true,true,true,true,true
false,true,false,true,false,true :: true,true,true,false,true,true
true,true,true,true,true,true :: true,true,true,true,true,true
true,false,false,true,true,true :: true,false,true,true,true,true
true,true,true,true,true,true :: true,true,true,true,true,true
true,false,true,false,false,false :: true,true,true,true,true,true
true,true,true,true,true,true :: true,true,true,true,true,true
true,true,true,true,true,true :: true,true,true,true,true,true
true,true,true,true,true,true :: true,true,true,true,true,true
true,true,true,true,true,true :: true,true,true,true,true,true
true,true,true,true,true,true :: true,true,true,true,true,true
true,true,true,true,true,true :: true,true,true,true,true,true
true,true,true,true,true,true :: true,true,true,true,true,true
true,true,true,false,true,true :: true,true,true,true,true,true
true,true,true,true,true,true :: true,true,true,true,true,true
true,true,true,true,true,true :: true,true,true,true,true,true
true,true,true,true,true,true :: true,true,true,true,true,true
true,true,true,true,true,true :: true,true,true,true,true,true
true,true,true,true,true,true :: true,true,true,true,true,true
true,true,true,true,true,true :: true,true,false,true,true,true
true,true,true,true,true,true :: true,false,true,true,true,true
true,true,true,false,true,true :: true,true,true,true,true,true
true,true,true,true,true,true :: true,true,true,true,true,true
true,true,true,true,true,true :: true,true,true,true,true,true
true,false,false,true,true,false :: true,true,true,true,true,true
false,true,true,true,true,true :: true,true,true,true,true,true
true,true,true,true,true,true :: true,true,true,true,true,true
true,true,true,false,true,true :: true,true,false,true,true,true
true,true,true,false,true,true :: true,true,true,true,true,true
true,true,true,true,true,true :: true,true,true,true,true,true
true,false,true,true,true,true :: true,true,false,true,true,true
true,true,true,true,true,true :: true,true,true,true,true,true
true,true,true,true,true,true :: true,false,true,true,true,true
true,false,true,true,true,false :: true,true,true,true,true,true
true,false,true,true,false,false :: true,true,true,true,true,true
