Acc_neighbor_one_step_tapered,,, :: Acc_neighbor_two_step_tapered,,,
Q1,Q2,Q3,Q4 :: Q1,Q2,Q3,Q4
true,true,true,true :: true,true,true,false
true,true,true,true :: false,false,true,false
true,true,true,true :: true,false,true,true
true,true,true,true :: false,true,false,false
true,true,true,true :: true,false,true,true
true,false,true,true :: false,true,true,true
true,true,true,true :: false,true,true,true
true,true,true,true :: false,true,true,false
true,true,true,true :: false,false,false,false
true,true,true,true :: false,false,false,true
true,true,true,true :: false,true,true,true
true,true,true,true :: true,false,true,true
true,true,true,true :: false,false,false,true
false,true,true,true :: false,false,false,true
true,true,true,true :: false,false,false,true
true,true,true,true :: false,false,false,true
true,true,true,true :: false,false,false,false
true,true,true,true :: false,false,false,true
true,true,true,true :: false,false,false,true
true,true,true,true :: false,true,true,true
true,true,true,true :: false,false,false,true
true,true,false,true :: false,false,false,false
true,true,true,true :: false,true,true,true
true,true,true,true :: false,true,true,false
true,true,true,true :: false,false,false,true
true,true,true,true :: true,false,false,false
true,true,true,true :: false,false,false,true
true,true,true,true :: false,true,true,false
true,true,true,true :: true,true,true,true
true,true,true,true :: true,true,false,false
true,true,true,true :: false,true,true,false
true,true,true,true :: true,false,false,false
true,true,true,true :: false,true,false,false
true,false,false,true :: false,false,false,false
true,true,true,true :: false,true,true,false
true,true,true,true :: false,false,true,false
true,true,false,true :: false,false,true,false
true,true,true,true :: false,false,false,false
true,false,true,true :: false,true,true,false
true,true,false,true :: false,false,true,false
true,true,true,true :: false,true,true,false
true,true,true,true :: false,true,true,false
true,false,true,true :: false,true,true,false
true,true,true,true :: false,false,true,false
true,false,false,true :: false,false,false,false
true,true,true,true :: true,true,true,false
true,false,false,true :: false,false,false,false
true,true,false,true :: true,true,false,false
true,true,true,true :: false,false,false,false
true,true,true,true :: false,false,true,false
false,true,true,true :: false,true,false,false
true,true,true,true :: false,false,true,false
true,true,true,true :: false,true,true,false
true,true,true,true :: false,false,false,false
true,true,true,true :: false,false,false,false
true,false,false,true :: true,false,false,false
true,true,true,true :: false,false,false,false
true,true,true,true :: false,true,true,false
true,true,true,true :: false,false,false,false
true,true,true,true :: false,false,true,false
true,true,true,true :: false,true,false,false
true,true,true,true :: false,true,true,false
